Addressing Thomas' Review from list (#56)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-reference-interaction-models: draft-ietf-rats-reference-interaction-models.md

2. highlight the exact delta/divergence between the core characteristics captured in this document and variants of these interaction models used in other specifications or solutions.

In summary, this document enables the specification and design of trustworthy and privacy-preserving conveyance methods for attestation Evidence from an Attester to a Verifier.

> While the conveyance of other Conceptual Messages is out of scope, the methods described in this document can also be applied to the conveyance of other Conceptual Messages, such as Endorsements or Attestation Results, or supplemental messages, such as Epoch Markers or stand-alone event logs.

Author: Well, I've seen streamed conveyance of both Endorsements as well as TST (admittedly that was not an Epoch Marker, but that is very very close), and some TUDA implementations definitely can push AR augmented Evidence and event logs around. That is actually the reason why I did not include Reference Values in the list of examples. There is no open code that I can point to, rn, but the flexibility of the interaction models is there.

> While the conveyance of other Conceptual Messages is out of scope, the methods described in this document can also be applied to the conveyance of other Conceptual Messages, such as Endorsements or Attestation Results, or supplemental messages, such as Epoch Markers or stand-alone event logs.

Author: I encountered your other comment below that refers to L146. I am not sure how that are at odds, but how starting with a minor change and we go from there:

```suggestion
While the conveyance of other Conceptual Messages is out of scope, the models described in this document can be adapted to apply to the conveyance of other Conceptual Messages, such as Endorsements or Attestation Results, or supplemental messages, such as Epoch Markers or stand-alone event logs.
```

> While the conveyance of other Conceptual Messages is out of scope, the methods described in this document can also be applied to the conveyance of other Conceptual Messages, such as Endorsements or Attestation Results, or supplemental messages, such as Epoch Markers or stand-alone event logs.

Reviewer: s/can be adapted to apply/may be adapted to apply/

> While the conveyance of other Conceptual Messages is out of scope, the methods described in this document can also be applied to the conveyance of other Conceptual Messages, such as Endorsements or Attestation Results, or supplemental messages, such as Epoch Markers or stand-alone event logs.

Author: okay!

In the context of this document, the term "Remote" does not necessarily refer to a remote entity in the scope of network topologies or the Internet.
It rather refers to decoupled systems or entities that exchange the Conceptual Message type called Evidence {{-RATS}}.
This conveyance can also be "Local", if the Verifier role is part of the same entity as the Attester role, e.g., separate system components of the same Composite Device (a single RATS entity), or the Verifier and Relying Party roles are hosted by the same entity, for example in a cryptographic key broker system.

> Even if an entity takes on two or more different roles, the functions they provide typically reside in isolated environments that are components of the same entity. Examples of such isolated environments include a Trusted Execution Environment (TEE), Baseboard Management Controllers (BMCs), as well as other physical or logical protected/isolated/shielded Computing Environments (e.g., embedded Secure Elements (eSE) or Trusted Platform Modules (TPM)). It is useful but not necessary for readers of this document to be familiar with the Conceptual Data/Messages flows as described in {{Section 3 of {{-RATS}} and the definition of Attestation in general as described in {{-RIV}}.

Author: > * Why "Even"?

Not the slightest clue.

> Even if an entity takes on two or more different roles, the functions they provide typically reside in isolated environments that are components of the same entity. Examples of such isolated environments include a Trusted Execution Environment (TEE), Baseboard Management Controllers (BMCs), as well as other physical or logical protected/isolated/shielded Computing Environments (e.g., embedded Secure Elements (eSE) or Trusted Platform Modules (TPM)). It is useful but not necessary for readers of this document to be familiar with the Conceptual Data/Messages flows as described in {{Section 3 of {{-RATS}} and the definition of Attestation in general as described in {{-RIV}}.

Author: ```suggestion
If an entity takes on two or more different roles, the functions they provide typically reside in isolated environments that are components of the same entity. Examples of such isolated environments include a Trusted Execution Environment (TEE), Baseboard Management Controllers (BMCs), as well as other physical or logical protected/isolated/shielded Computing Environments (e.g., embedded Secure Elements (eSE) or Trusted Platform Modules (TPM)). It is useful but not necessary for readers of this document to be familiar with the Conceptual Data/Messages flows as described in {{Section 3 of {{-RATS}} and the definition of Attestation in general as described in {{-RIV}}.
```

> Even if an entity takes on two or more different roles, the functions they provide typically reside in isolated environments that are components of the same entity. Examples of such isolated environments include a Trusted Execution Environment (TEE), Baseboard Management Controllers (BMCs), as well as other physical or logical protected/isolated/shielded Computing Environments (e.g., embedded Secure Elements (eSE) or Trusted Platform Modules (TPM)). It is useful but not necessary for readers of this document to be familiar with the Conceptual Data/Messages flows as described in {{Section 3 of {{-RATS}} and the definition of Attestation in general as described in {{-RIV}}.

Reviewer: OK, it can be safely removed then.

# Scope and Intent

This document outlines three very common interaction models between RATS roles.

> In this document the interaction models illustrated focus on the conveyance of Evidence about boot-time integrity from Attesters to Verifiers.

Reviewer: (same comment I made on the email reply)

Unsure why run-time measurements would be ruled out.  The dynamicity and kind of the target environment seem orthogonal to the conveyance of associated evidence.

Author: > The dynamicity and kind of the target environment seem orthogonal to the conveyance of associated evidence.

I am not sure what you are eluding to, tbh. Could you help us and elaborate a bit?

Reviewer: I am OK content-wise, but the phrasing is a bit awkward.  My humble editorial suggestion:

> The document illustrates the interaction models focusing on conveying Evidence about boot-time integrity from Attesters to Verifiers.
> It does not exclude application to runtime integrity or other conceptual messages, but these are not illustrated.

Reviewer: What I meant is that in the context of a framework that aims at describing the conveyance of CMs, it does seem odd to impose restrictions based on the internal details of one or more CMs.  IOW, from the point of view of a conveyance protocol, Evidence is Evidence, be it runtime or boottime, dynamic or static.

Author: Please see the updated suggestion above. Does that work for you?

Author: @thomas-fossati does the updated suggestion work for you?

> In the scope of Evidence conveyance not every detail is covered in this document.

Reviewer: slightly upside-down phrasing.  What about:

> _"This document does not cover every detail about Evidence conveyance."_

instead?

Author: Sure! LGTM

```suggestion
This document does not cover every detail about Evidence conveyance.
```

> Details around Evidence about run-time integrity, for example, or not explicitly highlighted, but the included model descriptions still function as a basis to build corresponding model extensions on.

Author: ```suggestion
Details around Evidence about run-time integrity, for example, are not explicitly highlighted, but the included model descriptions still function as a basis to build corresponding model extensions on.
```

> While the three interaction models (and their sub-variants) are not an exhaustive list of all potential models, they do cover a vast majority of conveyance models for Conceptual Messages implemented in the Internet.

Reviewer: This more nuanced description seems at odds with L146 which claims "total and unconfined coverage" :-)

Reviewer: The original L146 states:

> _"[t]he methods described in this document can also be applied to the conveyance of ${CONCEPTUAL_MESSAGE}"_

which, at least to this reader, sounds like there are no limits to the potential coverage of the described methods.

The amended version of L146 that you propose [in the comment above](https://github.com/ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-reference-interaction-models/pull/56/files#r1799822298) makes it more in line with L171.

Author: So, you are okay with the L146 as per this PR and this comment can be resolved? I mean, the intent was to address your comment, after all.

Varying from solution to solution, generic information elements can be either included in the scope of protocol messages (instantiating Conceptual Messages) or can be included in additional protocol parameters or payload.
Ultimately, the following information elements are required by any kind of scalable remote attestation procedure using one or more of the interaction models provided.

Attesting Environment IDs ('attestEIDs'):

: *optional*

: A statement representing one or more identifiers that MUST be associated with a corresponding Attestation Environment's keys used to protect Claims in Evidence produced by an Attester. Exemplary identifiers include attestation key material (e.g., the public key associated with the private key that is used to produce Evidence), key identifiers, environment names, or individual hardware-based immutable identifiers.

> : While a verifier does not necessarily have knowledge about an Attesting Environment's identifiers, each distinguishable Attesting Environment typically has access to a protected capability that includes an Attesting Environment ID.

Reviewer: * s/verifier/Verifier/

Varying from solution to solution, generic information elements can be either included in the scope of protocol messages (instantiating Conceptual Messages) or can be included in additional protocol parameters or payload.
Ultimately, the following information elements are required by any kind of scalable remote attestation procedure using one or more of the interaction models provided.

Attesting Environment IDs ('attestEIDs'):

: *optional*

: A statement representing one or more identifiers that MUST be associated with a corresponding Attestation Environment's keys used to protect Claims in Evidence produced by an Attester. Exemplary identifiers include attestation key material (e.g., the public key associated with the private key that is used to produce Evidence), key identifiers, environment names, or individual hardware-based immutable identifiers.

> : While a verifier does not necessarily have knowledge about an Attesting Environment's identifiers, each distinguishable Attesting Environment typically has access to a protected capability that includes an Attesting Environment ID.

Author: ```suggestion
: While a Verifier does not necessarily have knowledge about an Attesting Environment's identifiers, each distinguishable Attesting Environment typically has access to a protected capability that includes an Attesting Environment ID.
```

YES

: Event Logs accompany Claims by providing event trails of security-critical events in a system. The primary purpose of Event Logs is to support Claim reproducibility by providing information on how Claims originated.

Verifier Inputs ('verInputs')

: *mandatory*

> : Appraisal procedures implemented by Verifiers require certain inputs as defined in {{-RATS}}: Reference Values, Endorsements, and Appraisal Policy for Evidence. These Conceptual Messages can takes various forms. For example, Reference Values can be Reference Integrity Measurements (RIM) or assertions that are implicitly trusted because they are signed by a trusted authority (Endorsements).

Reviewer: Clarifying question due to a temporary lapse of imagination: what do you mean by:

> _"[a]ssertions cryptographically bound to the public key associated with an Attesting Environment"_

Can you provide a concrete example?

> : Appraisal procedures implemented by Verifiers require certain inputs as defined in {{-RATS}}: Reference Values, Endorsements, and Appraisal Policy for Evidence. These Conceptual Messages can takes various forms. For example, Reference Values can be Reference Integrity Measurements (RIM) or assertions that are implicitly trusted because they are signed by a trusted authority (Endorsements).

Author: For example, you create a different message, put public key material of the associated AE into that message, then seal it via object signing.

Now your message uses cryptographic binding (sign) of the AE's public key with other assertions about the AE.

: Event Logs accompany Claims by providing event trails of security-critical events in a system. The primary purpose of Event Logs is to support Claim reproducibility by providing information on how Claims originated.

Verifier Inputs ('verInputs')

: *mandatory*

> : Appraisal procedures implemented by Verifiers require certain inputs as defined in {{-RATS}}: Reference Values, Endorsements, and Appraisal Policy for Evidence. These Conceptual Messages can takes various forms. For example, Reference Values can be Reference Integrity Measurements (RIM) or assertions that are implicitly trusted because they are signed by a trusted authority (Endorsements).

Reviewer: * s/takes/take/
* The second sentence still purports Endorsements as a kind of Reference Value.

Author: see comment below, failed to reply here

Author: https://github.com/ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-reference-interaction-models/pull/56/files#r1799830620

: *optional*

: A (sub-)set of Claims which can be created by an Attester.
: A set of (sub-)sets of Claims which can be created by the Attesting Environments of an Attester.

> : Claim Selections act as optional filters to specify the exact set of Claims to be included in Evidence. For example, a Verifier could send a Claim Selection, among other elements, to an Attester. An Attester MAY decide whether or not to provide all requested Claims from a Claim Selection to the Verifier. If there is no way to convey a Claim Selection in a remote attestation protocol, a default Claim Selection (e.g., "all") MUST be defined be the Attester and SHOULD be known to the Verifier.

Reviewer: The following:

> _"In order to select Claims, Claims that can be potentially included in Evidence by an Attesting Environment have to be known by the Verifier."_

is either stating the obvious, in which case it can be dropped without loss of information, or it's trying to state something about the need for a discovery function that is however not fully articulated.

Author: Hm, yes this is kind of "water is wet" and yes it could be dropped, but we were taking great care here to avoid confusion. This is really wet water we do not have to tell you that it is wet and drop it.

Reviewer: Drop it, please. Less is more :-)

3. Streaming Remote Attestation

Each section starts with a sequence diagram illustrating the interactions between Attester and Verifier.

> While the presented interaction models focus on the conveyance of Evidence, the intention of this document is in support of any type of Conceptual Messages conveyance that is based on the presented models.

Author: How about:

```suggestion
While the presented interaction models are illustrated by using the conveyance of Evidence as an example, the models presented can be adapted to the conveyance of other Conceptual Messages.
```

Shorter, more crisp, and maybe less offending?

Reviewer: Sorry to pester but it's not about form.  It's about the content.

I disagree about making the claim that _"[t]he models presented can be adapted to the conveyance of other Conceptual Messages."_ without describing that in practice.  

As an example that would need to be articulated clearly in order to claim that the model fits more widely: what does Handle means in the context of conveyance of Reference Values?

Author: Handle would mean the exact same thing. It would be a Claim value used in the interaction model to demonstrate recent response and to prevent reply attack of RVs that might change the next session, so the requester of RV is able to tell that there has been a best effort to demonstrate freshness (an assertion in a message is reflecting reality) based on recentness (use of nonce).

Author: Would you be able to craft an appropriate example based on my illustration? I think it is important to get this right.

Reviewer: > Handle would mean the exact same thing. It would be a Claim value used in the interaction model to demonstrate recent response and to prevent reply attack of RVs that might change the next session, so the requester of RV is able to tell that there has been a best effort to demonstrate freshness (an assertion in a message is reflecting reality) based on recentness (use of Handle).

I don't expect freshness of RVs to be provided by handles - see CoRIM, which relies on synchronised clocks between RV provider and Verifier.

3. Streaming Remote Attestation

Each section starts with a sequence diagram illustrating the interactions between Attester and Verifier.

> While the presented interaction models focus on the conveyance of Evidence, the intention of this document is in support of any type of Conceptual Messages conveyance that is based on the presented models.

Reviewer: Unclear how the document can _"[s]upport of any type of Conceptual Messages conveyance that is based on the presented models."_ without describing in practice how the models can be applied to other kinds of flows/CMs.

Author: see comment below, failed to reply here

Author: https://github.com/ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-reference-interaction-models/pull/56/files#r1799833686

     | evidence, eventLogs -------------------------------------->|
     |                                                            |
==========================[Evidence Appraisal]==========================
     |                                                            |
     |                appraiseEvidence(evidence, eventLogs, verInputs)
     |                                       attestationResult <= |
     |                                                            |
~~~~

The Attester boots up and thereby produces Claims about its boot state and its operational state. Claims are produced by all Attesting Environments of an Attester. Event Logs can accompany produced Claims and provide an event trail of security-relevant events that can be observed or collected by Attesting Environments. 

A Challenge/Response remote attestation procedure is typically initiated by a Verifier via sending a remote attestation request to an Attester. A request includes a Handle, a list of Attestation Environment IDs, and a Claim Selection for all Attesting Environments or dedicated Claim Selections for sets of Attesting Environments.

> In the Challenge/Response model, a handle is composed of qualifying extra data typically in the form of, for example, a practically infeasible to guess cryptographically strong random number (nonce) or an Epoch Marker {{-epoch-markers}}.

Author: Okay
```suggestion
In the Challenge/Response model, a handle is composed of qualifying extra data typically in the form of a practically infeasible to guess cryptographically strong random number (nonce) or an Epoch Marker {{-epoch-markers}}.
```

     |                                                            |
~~~~

The Attester boots up and thereby produces Claims about its boot state and its operational state. Claims are produced by all Attesting Environments of an Attester. Event Logs can accompany produced Claims and provide an event trail of security-relevant events that can be observed or collected by Attesting Environments. 

A Challenge/Response remote attestation procedure is typically initiated by a Verifier via sending a remote attestation request to an Attester. A request includes a Handle, a list of Attestation Environment IDs, and a Claim Selection for all Attesting Environments or dedicated Claim Selections for sets of Attesting Environments.

> In the Challenge/Response model, a handle is composed of qualifying extra data typically in the form of, for example, a practically infeasible to guess cryptographically strong random number (nonce) or an Epoch Marker {{-epoch-markers}}.

Reviewer: * s/, for example,//

Author: Okay
```suggestion
In the Challenge/Response model, a handle is composed of qualifying extra data typically in the form of a practically infeasible to guess cryptographically strong random number (nonce) or an Epoch Marker {{-epoch-markers}}.
```

In the sequence diagram above, the Attester initiates the conveyance of Evidence (comparable with a RESTful POST operation).
While a request of Evidence from the Verifier would result in a sequence diagram more similar to the Challenge/Response model (comparable with a RESTful GET operation).
The specific manner how Handles are generated is not in scope of this document.
One example of a specific handle representation is {{-epoch-markers}}.

In the Uni-Directional model, handles are composed of cryptographically signed trusted timestamps as shown in {{-TUDA}}, potentially including other qualifying data.
The Handles are created by an external trusted third party (TTP) -- the Handle Distributor -- which includes a trustworthy source of time, and takes on the role of a Time Stamping Authority (TSA, as initially defined in {{-TSA}}).
Timestamps created from local clocks (absolute clocks using a global timescale, as well as relative clocks, such as tick-counters) of Attesters and Verifiers MUST be cryptographically bound to fresh Handles received from the Handle Distributor.
This binding provides a proof of synchronization that MUST be included in all produced Evidence.

> Correspondingly, conveyed Evidence in this model provides a proof that it was fresh at the specific point in time when the handle was generated during the Handle Generation phase.

Author: ```suggestion
This model provides proof that Evidence generation happened after the Handle generation phase.
```

Reviewer: @henkbirkholz I have added another small bit to account for "the other side."

The Handles are created by an external trusted third party (TTP) -- the Handle Distributor -- which includes a trustworthy source of time, and takes on the role of a Time Stamping Authority (TSA, as initially defined in {{-TSA}}).
Timestamps created from local clocks (absolute clocks using a global timescale, as well as relative clocks, such as tick-counters) of Attesters and Verifiers MUST be cryptographically bound to fresh Handles received from the Handle Distributor.
This binding provides a proof of synchronization that MUST be included in all produced Evidence.

> Correspondingly, conveyed Evidence in this model provides a proof that it was fresh at the specific point in time when the handle was generated during the Handle Generation phase.

Author: @thomas-fossati could you double check this please and maybe add a change suggestion?

Reviewer: I don't think the current phrasing is 100% correct.
This model provides proof that evidence generation _happened after_ the handle generation phase.

Author: yes

||   |                                                            |   ||
|| generateEvidence(handle, attEnvIDs, collectedClaimsDelta)      |   ||
||   | => evidence                                                |   ||
||   |                                                            |   ||
||   | {evidence, eventLogsDelta} ------------------------------->|   ||
||   |                                                            |   ||
|| ====================[Delta Evidence Appraisal]==================== ||
||   |                                                            |   ||
||   |                                     appraiseEvidence(evidence, ||
||   |                                                eventLogsDelta, ||
||   |                                                     verInputs) ||
||   |                                       attestationResult <= |   ||
||   |                                                            |   ||
| '------------------------------------------------------------------' |
 '--------------------------------------------------------------------'
     |                                                            |
~~~~

> In the observer pattern, an observer establishes a direct connection to the observed resources through a subscription mechanism, which is designed specifically for attestation purposes.

Author: ```suggestion
In the observer pattern, an observer establishes a direct connection to the observed resources through a subscription mechanism, which is designed specifically for conveying conceptual messages for remote attestation purposes.
```

This mechanism not only facilitates the initial subscription request but also actively maintains the state of the subscription, ensuring that any changes in the observed resources are consistently communicated to the observer.
It handles the complexities of managing these connections, including the maintenance of pertinent information about the observer's preferences and security requirements, ensuring that the transmission of attestation data remains both secure and relevant to the observer’s specific context.

Setting up subscription state between a Verifier and an Attester is conducted via a subscribe operation.
The subscribe operation is used to convey Handles required for Evidence generation.
Effectively, this allows for a series of Evidence to be pushed to a Verifier, similar to the Uni-Directional model.

> In the observer pattern, the utilization of a Handle Distributor is optional.
> While the model is typically employed for direct, bi-lateral subscription relationships where the Verifier generates and provides Handles directly, it is possible to integrate a separate third-party Handle Distributor under certain conditions.
> This would involve the Handle Distributor independently managing the creation and distribution of Handles, thus extending the model to support scenarios beyond simple bi-lateral interactions.
> However, in its basic form, the model assumes direct interaction between the Attester and the Verifier, with the Verifier taking on the responsibilities of Handle generation and distribution to maintain the integrity and security of the attestation process.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
In the observer pattern, the Handle Distributor role is optional.
While the model is typically used for direct, bi-lateral subscription relationships where the Verifier generates and provides Handles directly, it is also possible to include the trusted third party that is a Handle Distributor.
A Handle Distributor independently manages the generation and distribution of Handles to other RATS roles.
As a result, scenarios involving more than bi-lateral interactions are enabled.
However, in its basic form, the model assumes direct interaction between an Attester and a Verifier, where the Handle generation is a responsibility taken on by the Verifier roles.

```

Handles provided by a specific subscribing Verifier MUST be used in Evidence generation for that specific Verifier.
The streaming model without a Broker uses the same information elements as the Challenge/Response and the Uni-Directional model.
Methods to detect excessive time drift that would render Handles stale and mandate a fresh Handles to be conveyed via another subscribe operation are out-of-scope of this document.

### Streaming Remote Attestation with a Broker {#streaming-with-broker}

> This model employs a Broker to facilitate the distribution of messages between Attesters and Verifiers.
> The Broker acts as an intermediary that ensures messages are securely and reliably transmitted across parties.

Author: ```suggestion
This model includes a Broker to facilitate the distribution of messages between RATS roles, such as Attesters and Verifiers.
The Broker is a trusted third party and acts as an intermediary that ensures messages are securely and reliably conveyed between involved RATS roles.
```

The publish-subscribe messaging pattern is widely used for communication in different areas.
Unlike the *Streaming Remote Attestation without a Broker* interaction model, Attesters are not required to be aware of corresponding Verifiers.
In scenarios with large numbers of Attesters and Verifiers, the publish-subscribe pattern may reduce interdependencies and improve scalability.

With publish-subscribe, clients typically *connect* to (or *register* with) a publish-subscribe server (PubSub server or Broker).
Clients may *publish* data in the form of a *message* under a certain *topic*.
*Subscribers* to that topic get *notified* whenever a message arrives under a topic, and the appropriate message is forwarded to them.

> Depending on the particular publish-subscribe model and implementation, clients can be either publishers or subscribers or both.
> 
> The Broker and Handle Distributor are considered to be Trusted Third Parties (TTPs) for all participating entities, including Attesters and Verifiers (see also {{security-and-privacy-considerations}}).
> These entities must establish a trust relationship with the Broker and handle distributor, as these components are responsible for the secure and reliable dissemination of critical protocol information such as Handles and Attestation Results.
> 
> The trustworthiness of the Broker and handle distributor is essential, as they manage the flow of sensitive attestation data and are pivotal in maintaining the integrity and confidentiality of the attestation process.
> This trust can be established through mechanisms such as pre-shared keys, certificates issued by a trusted certificate authority, or through a secure registration process that validates their authenticity and reliability.
> 
> Ensuring the security of these entities is vital, as any compromise could undermine the entire attestation process.
> Therefore, the deployment of Brokers and Handle Distributors should include stringent security measures to protect against unauthorized access and to ensure that they operate as trustworthy facilitators within the attestation framework.

Author: ```suggestion
Depending on particular publish-subscribe models and implementations, involved roles can be publishers, subscribers or both.

The Broker and Handle Distributor are considered to be trusted third parties (TTPs) for all other participating roles, including Attesters and Verifiers (see also {{security-and-privacy-considerations}}).
All roles must establish a trust relationship with the Broker and Handle Distributor, as those are responsible for the secure and reliable dissemination of critical protocol information, such as Handles and Attestation Results.

Ensuring the security of these trusted third parties is vital, as any compromise could undermine the entire remote attestation procedure.
Therefore, the deployment of Brokers and Handle Distributors requires stringent security measures to protect against unauthorized access and to ensure that they operate as trustworthy facilitators within the remote attestation framework.
```

     ~                                   ~                        ~
~~~~

> Handles are created by a 3rd party, the Handle Distributor (see {{security-and-privacy-considerations}}).

Author: ```suggestion
Handles are created by a trusted third party, the Handle Distributor (see {{security-and-privacy-considerations}}).
```

     |          |                        |                        |
====================[Attestation Result Generation]=====================
     |          |                        |                        |

>      |     sub(topic=AttRes,)            |                        |

Author: ```suggestion
     |     sub(topic=AttRes,            |                        |
```
